goodnight sleep tight and don't let the
spiders and monsters and scary thee
fight once upon a time an evil Guardian
named pristine Figg kept a little girl
named Robin locked away in an attic
until something wonderful happened
who are you well two things he's Tom and
I'm Jerry throw this end out the window
damn please I give you down she's
escaped again they're getting away
get ready for the adventure of a
lifetime
dear you are the lucky - num captain
kitty he's bunny you're dead if you're
not out of here I want to make that very
clear
we're friends today and Turner pictures
worldwide presents Tom and Jerry
the brave Tom and Jerry the sensitive
and for the first time in history Tom
and Jerry the Mary after years of
fighting they finally discovered
something worth fighting for each other
you